	"Hey Muzzy, why don't we hang this light from the ceiling?"
	"Because it's a "Standing Light", Francis!"
	"Yea, but if we hung it from the ceiling we could put this parka right here on the floor!"
	"Well, I suppose you're right, maybe if we just flipped it upside down, and bolted it like so..."

Now your colonists can mount a lamp to the ceiling, freeing up valuable real estate on the floor! It is capable of floating on it's own; however, it is likely to short circuit in the rain.

	Packaging Includes:
	* One Standard Ceiling Lamp (1x1)
	* One Large Ceiling Lamp (2x1)
	* (NEW) One Extra Large Ceiling Lamp (2x2)
	* One UV Ceiling Lamp

The Ceiling Lamp invented on the Rim is slightly more efficient than the Standing Lamp, due to the smaller nature of the Ceiling lamp, less steel (15 compared to Vanilla 20) is used in it's creation. The method of directing light has also reduced power consumption (20 compared to Vanilla 30). Unfortunately these efficiencies come at a cost to build time. Due to the small and complex nature of the Ceiling light, it will take slightly longer to build than a Standing Lamp.

The Large (1x2) ceiling lamp requires more steel (20) than the standard ceiling lamp due to it's larger size, matching the steel required for a Standing Lamp; however, the efficiencies in light focusing remain, keeping the power consumption reduced (20 compared to Vanilla 30).

While the Extra Large ceiling lamp requires a bit more steal (30) than the large version, and more power (30) than the both the large version, it's efficiencies are shown in the increase light output.

Similarly, the UV Ceiling Lamp uses significantly less power (1000 compared to Vanilla 2900), and steel (35 compared to Vanilla 40); however, it takes significantly longer to build.

While some miracle of the Rim will allow these lamps to float idly in the middle of nowhere, this will leave their circuitry unprotected! Warranty is voided if used in rain!


Note:
Ceiling Lights can no longer be automatically flicked until we burn the bugs out of the housing.

[strike]Ceiling lamp is textured, and wired into Auto Light Switch (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1335708049) out of the box. [/strike]